

# Introduction

- How long have you been programming?
16 years

- How long have you been using Talon or other Voice Coding systems?
less than a year

- How much do you use Talon compared to keyboard and mouse in your day to day work?
usuall yuse mouse with talon
80% voice 20% keyboard

- Which speech engine are you using?
conformer 

- What command set are you using (is it baased on knausj)?
    based on knausj, modiefed a bit

- Are you familiar with Elm or any similar languages such as Haskell or SML?
knows haskell

- Do you have experience using Vim?
no

- What are some issues or challenges you experience when programming with Talon?
so things are slower.
latency vs keyboard
slow feedback loops
navigating is slow

does not use autocomplete
spells things out a lot

mostly programs talon stuff
uses a lot of abbreviations

new stuff is much harder, such as editors having different navigation

# User Testing

nvm was not that easy to install
issues install vim plug
vim installation was a hassle

wierd wrapping on go to next
navigation worked correctly

the participant was not reading the instructions that closeley.
should look into saying more of the instructions.

noticed msg was conformer
assumed -> would be arrow
dictation had some issues with their command set, so to msg got recognizd as dmsg
asked why there were extra spaces
asked about ipc

# Post Questions

- In general, what is your impression of what you have seen during this session?
geting started was rough
seems really useful (if useing vim)

- Were there any feature you thought was particularly useful?
navigatin to function by name
loading identifiers to talon

- Were there any behaviour you found to be strange or unintuitive?
appard from confilct with own grammar, not really.
seems intutive

- Are there any features that are not implemented that you think could improve the system?
other editors obviosly
search for variable names and invokations
show occurences of a search in a side buffer

- Do you feel like the system addresses some of the challenges you have been experiencing with vocal programming?
yeah, defienetly. nagivation esp
should be good for novices. navgation is much more intuitive

asked about normalization

- Based on what you have seen so far, would you be interrested in using a finished version of a system like this?
yeah defienetly


they noted that selecting was not that useful
noted it would be useful with more types of selection like constructors and invocations


