

# Introduction

- How long have you been programming?
1-2 years

- How long have you been using Talon or other Voice Coding systems?
same amout of time


- How much do you use Talon compared to keyboard and mouse in your day to day work?
    varies a lot
    depends on task
    uses talon for programming
    mostly talon for longer session

- Which speech engine are you using?
    dragon

- What command set are you using (is it baased on knausj)?
    based on knausj

- Are you familiar with Elm or any similar languages such as Haskell or SML?
    familiar with FP

- Do you have experience using Vim?
most basic

- What are some issues or challenges you experience when programming with Talon?
cognitive load
boiler plate is nice
vocal fatige
not always easy to dictate, but config could use work

# User Testing

picked up on going to any identifier
the user is very exceded

enabling elm did not work
vim insert mode was tricky


# Post Questions

- In general, what is your impression of what you have seen during this session?
pretty good, very impressed
user asked about existing function not in the file

- Were there any feature you thought was particularly useful?
selecting nodes, their editor does not have that atm
navigation with type/fun
select useful because they select stuff to run it in their data related work/ml
likes the grammar for type def

- Were there any behaviour you found to be strange or unintuitive?
    no

- Are there any features that are not implemented that you think could improve the system?
moving stuff around
mltiple files

- Do you feel like the system addresses some of the challenges you have been experiencing with vocal programming?
    yeah, this could very helpful
    sees a lot of petential to build upon the identifiers
    sees great potential

    reiterates on getting started being a hassle

- Based on what you have seen so far, would you be interrested in using a finished version of a system like this?
    absolutely, would even be interrested in contributing


