

# Introduction

- How long have you been programming?
2007
2012 master

- How long have you been using Talon or other Voice Coding systems?
used valinna dragon until 2017
tried dragonfly
didnt like that
natlink sucks
switched to talon when it was on windows

- How much do you use Talon compared to keyboard and mouse in your day to day work?
    no keyboard
    some tuchpad
    basically 100% talon
    only keyboard for calls and such
    uses on screen keyboard 

- Which speech engine are you using?
    dragon
    finds it much better than w2l
    vosqe?
    german is tricky, but works ok for dragon

- What command set are you using (is it baased on knausj)?
    knausj
    managing updates is difficult

- Are you familiar with Elm or any similar languages such as Haskell or SML?
    not at all

- Do you have experience using Vim?
    not at all

- What are some issues or challenges you experience when programming with Talon?
    works nice in general
    many small issues
    navigation. uses the find command in intellij a lot
    some quirks with editors, lack of understanding of the setup
    find usage is nice
    data engeneer
    mostly uses SQL

# User Testing

installing atually went well
user asks if it looks for the text "type"
understood my explenation
asks about msg and how it recognizes that
asks what go to text just did
understands before i can explain
tried go to exposing
asks about what happens when theres a syntax error
is it fixed to elm?
users did not immideatly get it, but understood it quickly.
vim was confusing
notes that voice coding is more intuitive
tried go comment

Person wa deleted so of type Person did not work xd
worked after relizing that


# Post Questions

- In general, what is your impression of what you have seen during this session?
    super helpful as opt in update
    very cool that it uses words from the file
    no need for think about capitalization
    navigating is better than line numbers
    accurate and intutive
    add more languages in future work
    describe how to add more languages
    python would help the community
    impressive error robustness. important! hammer in that message!
    mention that its multi platform
    configure the delay in the file watcher!

- Were there any feature you thought was particularly useful?
    enterpreting things from the file
    onClick gets interpreted correctly for example

- Were there any behaviour you found to be strange or unintuitive?
    vim stuff
    the voice commands i chose
    mostly intuitive


- Are there any features that are not implemented that you think could improve the system?
    langs and editors
    tip: big visions and explain what could happen in the future
    dont talk about fetures being "missing"

- Do you feel like the system addresses some of the challenges you have been experiencing with vocal programming?
    not really, mostly SQL
    still thinks its useful
    esp navigation

- Based on what you have seen so far, would you be interrested in using a finished version of a system like this?
    yeah, in intellij

    maybe look at intellij or editor spesific intergation for future work
    what is the state of the art in voice coding? future work: study, 
    want to see the thesis
