

# Introduction

- How long have you been programming?
25 years

- How long have you been using Talon or other Voice Coding systems?
2-3 months

- How much do you use Talon compared to keyboard and mouse in your day to day work?
    60% talon

- Which speech engine are you using?
    conformer

- What command set are you using (is it baased on knausj)?
    hacked knasj
    rebased 2 weeks ago

- Are you familiar with Elm or any similar languages such as Haskell or SML?
    no

- Do you have experience using Vim?
    lots!
    kinda uses it now
    uses vscode with talon

- What are some issues or challenges you experience when programming with Talon?
    navigation
    working on an extension
    general editing, refactoring
    writing code is hard

# User Testing

title did not update in alacrity
doing things out of oder
escape oddity with menu
elm context did not load
msg did not work. got made which was "m"

# Post Questions

- In general, what is your impression of what you have seen during this session?
    could see this being useful
    room for something the uses syntax tree
    nice navigation

- Were there any feature you thought was particularly useful?
    type signatues, navigating to literals and tokens
    exposed identifiers

- Were there any behaviour you found to be strange or unintuitive?
    not really

- Are there any features that are not implemented that you think could improve the system?
    moving things around / refactoring

- Do you feel like the system addresses some of the challenges you have been experiencing with vocal programming?
    not sure
    would be more useful for global navigation
    user has advanced custom setuf for navigation

- Based on what you have seen so far, would you be interrested in using a finished version of a system like this?
    yeah, also an unfinshed version (in vscode)
