

# Introduction

- How long have you been programming?
    20 years

- How long have you been using Talon or other Voice Coding systems?
    1 year ish, but not heavily

- How much do you use Talon compared to keyboard and mouse in your day to day work?
    not much of anything right now due to rsi
    50/50, but not much each

- Which speech engine are you using?
    conformer, 1.0.8

- What command set are you using (is it baased on knausj)?
    knausj, heavily customized

- Are you familiar with Elm or any similar languages such as Haskell or SML?
    dabbled with haskell

- Do you have experience using Vim?
    used in past

- What are some issues or challenges you experience when programming with Talon?
    building fluency
    different modality, cognitive load
    low level and verbose
    tried tructured editors :o
    very repetative in dictating and navigating
    empovirished command set
    navigating
    uses relative motion, but clunky
    line wrapping messes it up

# User Testing

uses M1 mac
nvm istallation takes a while for some reason or not working

thought go number would cycle second time
cycle was wierd, but wokred
asked about ascending the tree
elm did not activate
signatures worked
notes that dicttion is more similar to where the mental model is / how we would talk


# Post Questions

- In general, what is your impression of what you have seen during this session?
    really cool

- Were there any feature you thought was particularly useful?
    semantic search / navigation
    would use that with keyboard, but better with voice
    editing, selecting also nice
    exposing stuff to talon is the most important!

- Were there any behaviour you found to be strange or unintuitive?
    grammar tweak

- Are there any features that are not implemented that you think could improve the system?
    multiple files
    project level stuff

- Do you feel like the system addresses some of the challenges you have been experiencing with vocal programming?
    yeah defo
    makes it more high level
    want to go to semantic level

- Based on what you have seen so far, would you be interrested in using a finished version of a system like this?
    defo

    would like to contribute!
    asks what other people thought
