

# Introduction

- How long have you been programming?
    25 years

- How long have you been using Talon or other Voice Coding systems?
    1 year

- How much do you use Talon compared to keyboard and mouse in your day to day work?
    over 99%

- Which speech engine are you using?
    conformer

- What command set are you using (is it baased on knausj)?
    fidget knausj

- Are you familiar with Elm or any similar languages such as Haskell or SML?
    no, know about haskell

- Do you have experience using Vim?
    a little bit xd
    over 20 years

- What are some issues or challenges you experience when programming with Talon?
    dictationg variable names due to homophones
    tried saying something "heper" bacame "help her"
    missrecognition of commands
    voice strain (future reseach?) due to repetition
    have to have pateince

# User Testing

deleting something off screen can be wierd
might need delay between navigating and deleting when off screen

suddendly stopped working
problems with msg, but model to model worked
onClick worked
asked about abbreviations

# Post Questions

- In general, what is your impression of what you have seen during this session?
    i like itt for sure


- Were there any feature you thought was particularly useful?
    type awareness in genereal
    navigation i guess
    everything was better than whet im currently using

- Were there any behaviour you found to be strange or unintuitive?
    no

- Are there any features that are not implemented that you think could improve the system?
    dictating wierdly named variables as we talked about. abbreviations etc

- Do you feel like the system addresses some of the challenges you have been experiencing with vocal programming?
    for sure

- Based on what you have seen so far, would you be interrested in using a finished version of a system like this?
    would use right away if it had their languages

asked how hard adding support fo more langs
askd bt project support
